Billy Villa
Alejandro Trejo

Group name: Alex Jones Conspiracies

https://github.com/bavilla2/Space-Invaders

To solve the player movement, we used the getHorizontalAxisRaw function to get player movement

We used the input check for mouse0 for the player to shoot. The shoot will instantiate a new projectile moving upward at the enemies. When the enemies are hit, they and the projectile are destroyed.


If the player is hit by an enemy projectile, they will lose a life. The lives are kept tracked of in the levelManager script. If the player loses 3 lives, they will get a game over

The enemies were placed in equally spaced from each other in a 11 wide and 5 tall enemy arrangement.

Each enemy moves at the same speed by translating their position in update. When they collide with the side colliders, they will move down. If a column is removed then the next column will be the first colliders to interact with the sides. We use a static variable to change the direction of the enemies.

We use a raycast to determine which enemy is in front, then we use a random.value to determine when they will shoot

If the players bullet collides with the enemies, both will be destroyed and the player will be awarded points based on the tag of the enemy that was hit

If the player loses all lives, they will be sent to a game over scene

If the enemies raycast collide with the bottom screen collider, the player will also be sent to a game over scene

The game starts with a Start menu and the player can press the play button to enter the game or the quit button to exit the game

The lives are displayed on the top right side and the score is displayed in the top left side.

When the player is given a game over, they have the option to restart the level or quit the game

If the player has won the game, the win receive a scene telling them that they won and they will have the options to restart the game or quit the game

EX pause menu

If the player hits esc, the game will pause and they will have the options to resume, go to the main menu, or quit the game.